Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to make multi spline paths like
this. Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing
first, open the editor.
Let me project.
Select third person as template and name
the project multiple spline paths.
Hit create.
Okay. Uh now let's go to edit. After
going to edit right now you go here to
plug in and enable this plug in PCG.
It restart.
Okay. It's restart successfully.
Now let's go here
and create new blueprint class
path.
Okay, after creating this class, let's
go right here.
Open it.
Go to add search for spline.
Okay, fine. The spline
now stop
with the creating of the spline path
blue class. Okay, after that we want to
go right here
PCG. Let's create the PCG graph. Create
empty graph.
This being
P
graph.
Uh before we continue, we have to go
here to the fab
and download the material
some material for our to test the path.
Okay, let's download this grass. You can
download this wild grass
from the fab market place. You can
search right here and download
Okay, I think it's done.
Mega scans. Okay, have all migras.
Now, let's go right here. Go to new
level.
That's basic level. In this basic level,
delete this ground
and
go to landscape mode. You hit create
landscape.
After creating this landscape, we have
to save to command level.
Okay, map 0 one.
Now let's return here and add my spline
PCG graph.
Double click here to graph.
Make it right here.
When I grass get unscape
and skip this
surface simple
the surface need the surface bec.
After that search for transform pointers
bound this metifier
and finally start the PS spawner.
Now select this static miss corner go
here
to the entries
made right
let's go right here search for static
and add my me right here how to add this
me let's go here art
biggest can plant this w grass
and add it right here. Before we add,
press
shift and select all.
After selecting all, let's enable nine
all those mesh.
Reese select this one.
Let's add the meshes one by one.
Drag the first one.
Second one.
This one.
Okay. This.
And finally this.
Okay. Now say all.
Let's see the result on the PC.
Let's uh make it a little better.
How to do that? We have to go here to
surface simpler
disable start. Go to setting
point set to
one square and let's do it.
Okay, let's set
for square meter.
Okay, I think the result is good.
Now we have to go here.
And for those messes, let's search for
weight
change to video for example only four
one three.
Let's see it. Okay, the result is
better. Now let's add the rotation
as far point
setting rotation from zero 360
>> for the scaling.
Let's set
0.5
to 0.8.
Okay,
>> I think the result is uh good for the
grass.
>> Okay.
And let's add the ground.
>> Okay. Let's return her to the top.
Search for ground material forest
material. Go here to the price set price
for free
and choose for example this one forest
path.
Importing this.
After that, select the landscape and go
down
landscape material
to mega scans surfaces
for paths
>> and
drag this material right here.
Okay, I think the result is it's good.
Now let's create our multiple buss.
How to do that?
First of all, we need to return here to
content.
Copy this plane path right here.
And after copying this path, return to
PCG graph.
Go here displayline
data.
After that select displaying data actor
filter
all world actor
selection by class.
This is my class path. We write here
spline
path.
Okay.
Now it's fine. Now use a simpler in this
case with spline surface simpler
simpler. Select this one. Dimension on
spline mode not subdivision. We choose
distance.
After that, select the bounce modifier.
Bounce modifier. What?
Okay.
Now let's search for difference not
make this source selected and the output
here
let's see the alignments
okay and file
Now it's effective difference is not
I'll change this moniary
it's not affected because we have to
disable it and enable it.
Now let's return here.
Before we plug it here, we have to set
the projection mode
to project this to the PCG from this.
It's
landscape data
and from this projection make this
difference.
Okay, you think all is good? Let's test
the work. See all?
No, let's add my first path.
Okay, auto activated.
I don't know why it's not workers. Let's
see what's the problem. It's problem.
Let's go here to bounce modifier debug
this node
and change the value here from the M 100
and the max 100.
Or this one.
Make it 30.
30.
Okay, it's focus.
And now let's disable the debugging from
here. And let's see the result.
Okay, the path is created correctly.
Let's customize this path. Press Alt
and make it here
and here.
Okay, this is my first path.
Okay, let's make the second path.
Okay, let's duplicate this plane and
let's see what's happening. Once it's
selected, press Ctrl C, Ctrl + V. Now,
let's move it right here.
Uh, Ctrl Z,
Ctrl C, Ctrl + V.
Where is my spline? Uh, the point is
okay. Now select spline path from here
and control duplicate this.
Ctrl Ctrl V. Spline path number two.
Okay. Let's make it right here. Okay.
The problem is uh is there is no path
right here. When I move it, we have to
see the path. What's happening right
here? Let's go here to PC graph.
Go here
and go ahead. Select multiple make it.
And let's see it's correctly. We can
make with this methin
paths. Okay. And you can go here from
this and press alt and customize this
path.
Okay. Create create another point and
make it multiple parts. Okay. Thank you
guys for watching.